welcome everyone to a new video
of aigües interest I am the magician in this
small occasion I bring you a tutorial
so you can load your
device on the computer when
disappear the message that you are not
loading not obviously this tutorial is
only for those who try to charge
your device directly to the
computer but good before you start
we go with the new introduction and now
we came
the problem of the following here as
can see I do not know if they can see the cable
is connected from the cpu obviously
until the device not when we
we approach the device we get a
error saying that it is not loading
no then it 's a small one it's not a
small mistake but what happens in
this case is that the usb ports do not
they have enough charge to
charge the device do not need
let's say a higher voltage power like
they want to call it even worth anything
that I unplug the cable
and I reconnect
because as you can see it still follows
with the legend that you are not
loading now well to solve this
problem is fundamental to go to the
computer not
play guys already once here in the
computer are going to the description of the
very important video I'm going to leave you
a file in the description so that
you download it or that people who
is here not then we what
let's do is extract this file
but I recommend that you first believe
a folder give you right button again
folder and they put any name
then in this case
as we do not have much new imagination
folder then we open the file that
we have downloaded
we give it to extract in and we select the
folder that we have created we give to
to accept
We hope to load and ready and this
file that we download what we can
remove
now let's open the folder that
we want
created with the files that we have
extracted and we're going to open up the sector the
sector that is this that is here not that
says that cap is the only one that is the
only installation file there is no
then we open the sector
and we must install this program
We give below and wait for
load all this process and we will
ask to restart the computer to
let's say save the changes in this case
we are not going to restart it because it does not
missing for the changes to be seen
but then what has been the
tablet or the device can already be
load comfortably now well if not
charge them then restart your computer and
reconnect your device to the
pc if you want to load in this way and
already the problem should be solved
we go again with the camera so that
see what I'm talking about very well
guys how can I see what barely
I just did is restart the
computer so that the changes are
effect correctly is not called
wait here for it to restart and when
we have them started, we continue to
video
although good and here the pc restarts
once it is restarted you will
create an icon in the taskbar that
is that which is there can not be seen with
an X because that is the icon that
he creates us on the computer when
that X appears on that icon wants
say that the device is not being
loading anyway to verify
we're going to see the device we're going to
come a little closer and let's start it
here as you can see it still follows
saying that it is not charging us
do not worry what they have to do
is to disconnect the cable and return it to
connect let's unlock the
device
to notice when we disconnect it
and we'll see you connect
effectively there begins to load
if you are watching it is connected
directly to the computer and good
I video guys take - up
I hope you liked it here
Remember, the emission is very important
of the video to download the file and
Well, nothing, I'm the most goals of today
video up here remember to follow me
through social networks itself
have any doubt
remember to start and then nothing and we
we see and see you soon